In this assignment you will combine some of the code written in the labs to produce a larger
program. This program will be used to process two groups of words. The first group will be
read from a file specified on the command line. The second group will be read from stdin.
If any word read from stdin is not contained in the file then it will get printed to stdout. A
moment of reflection will confirm that this program could be used as a rudimentary spell-
checker. Running your program with a command like this

the labs and are careful to write clean, well-commented code which meets the specification
you can get full marks.
Marks are awarded for both implementation and style (although it should be noted that it is
very bad to style to have an implementation that doesn’t work).
Allocation of marks
Implementation 9
Style/Readability 6
Total 15
In order to maximise your marks please take note of the following points:
•
Your code should compile without warnings on the Linux lab machines using the com-
mand:
gcc -O2 -W -Wall -ansi -pedantic -lm *.c -o asgn
If your code does not compile, it is a considered to be a very, very bad thing!
•
Your program should use good C layout as demonstrated in the lab book.
•
No line should be more than 80 characters long.
•
Most of your comments should be in your function headers. A function header should
include:
–
A description of what the function does.
–
A description of all the parameters passed to it.
–
A description of the return value if there is one.
–
Any special notes.
Any assignments submitted after the due date and time will lose marks at a rate of 10% per
day late.
You should not discuss issues pertaining to the assignment with anyone not in your group.
All programs will be checked for similarity.
Part of this assignment involves you clarifying exactly what your program is required to do.
Don’t make assumptions, only to find out that they were incorrect when your assignment gets
marked. You should check your Computer Science email regularly, since email clarifications
may be sent to the class email list.
If you have any questions about this assignment, or the way it will be assessed, please see Iain
or send an email to
ihewson@cs.otago.ac.nz
.
